
This is a project intended to improve music technology. The core purpose of this
program in particular is to be able to read input from an audio source, such as
a microphone or audio file, and be able to produce abc music notation from that
audio. However, this application is meant to be limited to only analyzing the
sounds coming from a single voice--that is to say, that the audio source being
analyzed only contains a single instrument, player, or singer. This limitation
is out of the complexity of having an application listen to multiple voices at
once, and being able to accurately generate music notation from that, is
overcomplicating the task at hand. This project is intended in leiu with 2 other
programs of similar nature: one to accurately split a lossy/lossless codec audio
file into it's appropriate parts, and another to determine spoken lyrics, and
prepare those lyrics for possible translation via gettext. Together, these 3
programs would change how abc notation is accepted in the music technology
field, perhaps even being the only concievable form of music notation needed in
the future.

All three programs are intended to be open source, and I forbid commercial
adaptation; music technology, and for that matter, anything associated with
music as a whole, should never be "commercially known". What I mean by that is
that I personally believe that commercial influence has no place in music; it
feels fake and doesn't instill creativity in either the composer or the
musician, regardless of the reaction by the listeners. I believe that music is a
worldwide language that is shared unconditionally, and have *very* harsh
critisizms of those who create commercial applications for music notation, and
similar software, mainly due to my hatred of things that copy Microsoft in
making it so that you can't switch away from the program the commercial company
made, because of features that were introduced that make it almost impossible
for users to find a viable alternative. But thankfully, things like Finale and
Sibelius aren't able to override a language like abc music notation, because it
was created far before either of those programs were even in production. And
strangely enough, abc is STILL better than those two programs, and even simpler
and faster to use.

While abc may have a learning curve, the fact of the matter is that both Finale
AND Sibelius have a consequently BIGGER learning curve: You have to learn both
how music theory works, AND how to use the program. AND BOTH OF THEM MAKE THIS
VERY DIFFICULT. In abc, you only learn a format, which is designed to match the
structure of music theory concepts, meaning it TEACHES YOU AS YOU USE IT.
